# REST API for a Image Storage Service

### The HTTP API endpoints:

**GET /image**  
Returns the JSON with list of images meta information (includes bounding boxes COCO annotations)
that have been added to the server as JSON.
The images meta information persisted in MongoDB / Postgres.
The list of ImageMeta objects unmarshalled into a Collection<ImageMeta>.


**POST /image**  
The image data is provided as an application/json request body.
The JSON generate an instance of the ImageMeta class when deserialized
by Spring's default Jackson library.
Returns the JSON representation of the ImageMeta object that
was stored along with any updates to that object.

The server generate a unique identifier for the ImageMeta
object and saving it:
- in database as COCO annotation
- in file system as *.xml file PASCAL annotation.
The returned ImageMeta JSON should include this server-generated
identifier so that the client can refer to it when uploading the
binary jpeg content for the ImageMeta.

The server also generates a "data url" for the Image.
The "data url" is the url of the binary data for a
Image (e.g., the raw jpeg data). The URL should be the  full  URL
for the image and not just the path.


**GET /image/{id}/meta**  
Returns the image meta information (include bbox annotations)
that have been added to the server as JSON.


**POST /image/{id}/data**  
The binary jpeg data for the image should be provided in a request
with the key "data". The id in the path should be
replaced with the unique identifier generated by the server for the
ImageMeta. A client create an ImageMeta first by sending a POST to /image
and getting the identifier for the newly created ImageMeta object before
sending a POST to /image/{id}/data.
Image data saved as {id}.jpg file in specified directory.


**GET /image/{id}/data**
Returns the binary jpeg data (if any) for the image with the given
identifier. If no jpeg data has been uploaded for the specified image,
then the server should return a 404 status code.

